How I worked as a Product Owner

When I started as a Product Owner, I really lived for the products we
was creating. There was some problems with the hardware, some problems
with the software, as it always will be. 

My first thing to do was to implement a feature, where the PM told us
"minimal effort". So we designed it, whith a arcitecture that it should
send data with MQTT and would be completly REST based.

The MQTT was a feature we wanted to implement, to also support the 
future integrations with other partners. But as the PM didn't know about
MQTT, and it was "minimal effort" hard stamped in red, we didn't add it.
And all the other things was also minimal effort. This feature, was
having problems all the time, until I quit that job.

So what I learned from this, my first feature as a Product Owner?
When PM want to do something, with minimal effort. I will probably say 
No next time. If we are going to implement something, I will need 100%
dedication on it. 

I as a Product Owner need to have a product that is easily maintained.
This is not a thing that I am given. This is hard work from the team and
having a culture that creates code that is easy to read. easy to test, 
easy to build. Easy to update. 

No, a PM should and will never be writing test. And should not. 

There is some functions, that always should make the software to work, even
though there is a bad software released. Trust me, I released many bad
software, and will do. But the team learns. 

We will produce bad softwares sometime. It will happen. There will 
ALWAYS be functions that is not tested 100%. But, there _SHOULD_ never be
same errors again. And our test areas, should be easily to test. I will
always have a software for interested people to test, either if there is
internal or for external, the latest commited code. Not at the commited
day, but the day after. This creates transparansy to stakeholders. With 
transparansy we creates trust, and buzz.

Me as a Person, is not a Hardware or Software developer. I'm a person that
having a helicopter perspective. With this perspecitve, I now when and who
to speak with in organisation. If it is logistics, sales or PM. I'm the one 
taking the shit if there is something bad we released. But WE are the ones
when we delivering on time and with accepted tests. 

When a new sprint is created, I will be accepting when a sprint goes on a
other direction. The sprint plan, is just a plan. We should always aim to 
succeed with the plan, 
